Hello, one and all. Thank you for tuning in for beautiful Uptown Burbank.
Harmontown is now in session. Let's welcome the stage to Game Master Spencer
Crittenden as he bounds to the stage nimbly like a mountain goat with his bag
of holding things yeah yeah yeah rapid on the top of my head like butter top
bread coming out at the top of the show it's gonna help your mind and your body
and soul grow I'm a motherfucking rap master I saw your mama's ass and blasted
with my penis but it was consensual oh shit it was more than that it was
sensual I took her out to great America it's a theme park oh we had a good time
we had a pretty good time excuse me what's going on up there oh it's
Schrab all right cut the music Schrab is just hurrying you from the background I
don't know I think he's he's hurrying someone else is so loudly that it
sounded like he was hurrying the show well it sounded like that was more than
consensual that it was actually achieved sensual yeah that's kind of cheating it
rhyme-wise but not politically her name wasn't Swaila her name was conswaila I
got I got into the Uber to come here tonight and you still taking those
Ubers huh all right I gotta work on that I gotta take lifts I don't know what it
is it's like a weird I don't know I don't know what I'm clinging to I think
it's just that I think it's that the Ubers in Los Angeles they're like big
vehicles with guys that are like yeah it's the it's the social thing it's the
distance like though I took a I the last time I took a lift I told the story I
think at least I know I told it on Twitter it like the guy didn't he was
I yeah I sit with my foot tucked under my butt the guy was like he spent the first
half of the ride complaining about how the area was being gentrified and then
the second half of the ride was consumed by this weird moment where he asked me
to not put my foot on his upholstery it was like a like a it was like a not a
good car were you taking regular lifts yeah it wasn't like lift lift asshole or
you should be taking lift hot shots it was I mean that this guy was you know
what he may have accepted the fare from the regular lift maybe he's usually
only available to lift hot shot but it was like I guess I shouldn't use that
as an excuse like lots of lift drivers are but it was like Jesus Christ man like
there's something there's some line you cross with lift and I think this is
probably an LA thing it just seems like Uber continues to be basically Armenian
limo limo drivers who are like making money and they're spare time and it's
not that they're do you get black car or do you get like regular Uber I got I get
I get I get I get the I get the like I get the fancy thing yeah because I just
I just the distance it's the emotional distance I just wherever I'm going I
just want to be left alone for the ride you know as I put my earphones in and
there's a little small talk you know like tonight halfway halfway there how did
he phrase it the guy said let's take a look here he said you go to the Starbucks
but that wasn't making small talk like yeah do you like do you like to do
things like yeah I think he was probably saying like why are you driving 15 miles
to a Starbucks isn't aren't there nine of them around your house is like no it's
the star burns I was like oh did he make did he make a five stars
you make a five stars yeah I know well they always make five stars or whatever
now I said I gotta be a yeah I don't know there's no better way to do that
either right like it you the only time that you these like you pick up your
phone and you're gonna you're gonna call a ride and then you have to go through
this like deposition about your last ride which was probably two days ago did
did did Armand do a good job like did you do and now there's like tipping and
all this shit and I'm not complaining about anything that's the good news like
I'm so I'm so I'm so low I know low is not the word I'm Schrab like I'm like you
know remember how I was two weeks ago yeah yeah I'm kind of in that Schrab zone
but you're a little bit of a funk it might be because Schrab came over today
that's a good thing right maybe I got Schrab do you think he he he flunked some
Schrabbins on you maybe I'm coming down from John Mayer whoa how about that show
let's talk about let's talk about our show oh yeah I go away and all of a
sudden you have John Mayer on your show that guy's body's a wonderland did you
listen to the to the episode I listened to like probably half of it it has the
Steve Levyme feel of approval yeah leave me leave me leave me leave me
feels and I don't know who's supposed to be insulted by this but I can tell he
thinks like now that John Mayer's been on like we're six months from what could
be coming on yeah maybe we could get advice on on how to make a Wikipedia from
them can I can I embarrass myself what's DMB Dave Matthews band but I but I
don't want to insult Dave Matthews band I didn't embarrass myself I don't want
to insult John Mayer that I don't have I don't care about music I really like
John Mayer he was a Jew I wasn't I was making I was just leavey is leavey is a
very big Dave Matthews fan so much so that he calls them the DMB and before
you make fun of him for it everyone it's it's something he used to go to with his
dad and his brother and now his dad's dead so fuck oh so there's sentimentality
there yeah okay that's okay but you know if Dave Matthews is listening it's not
prowess yeah I mean there's a they they rock that heart anyway I don't want Dave
Matthews to be listening and he's like oh cool this guy's a fan and then it's
like oh cuz his dad died and then Dave Matthews is like what's it's not my
chords somebody's somebody hum me a Dave Matthews band song Steve yell out a
Dave Matthews this is dead on just if you
don't know somebody got to put that to a beat we got to get Rob Tanchum on that
one did it was called Dave Matthews band yeah David sounds more like donkey
Matthews band that's not like that sounded like an emotional donkey that's
a way to speaking of emotions Dan you know people could connect themselves to
bands because there's sentimental value to it because you went to the show with
your father or you grew up listening to it and you know you're your stepmom's
house or whatever and you have these emotional connections to things that
maybe you wouldn't have otherwise like sports for instance like people can get
patriotic about like I'm a dodger's fangs I'm from LA and they get their
assholes about it or Yankees fans or whoever wherever you're from but some
people can just love the San Francisco Giants because that's where their father
took them when they were little before the father died so I don't know if you
have any special emotional connections to any sports teams I just wish the
Eagles would finally get a Superbowl win
obviously the you know I'm not gonna pretend I didn't hear about it you
can't you can't you can't avoid it the Eagles won it was their first win ever
literally ever their first Superbowl win in the history of the franchise a
franchise that has got to be whoo who knows how old yeah for 80,000 years what
what stood out for you watching the game most like what was the most capital Y
yardage like so much that's how they want if you if you go back play by play
the Eagles had more yardage that's how they won the Patriots were short on
yardage they didn't ice their knees and they came in over confident why oh they
thought they have more yardage from previous games yardage only counts game
for game yeah you you you you you you tabulated throughout the season you're
trying to figure out like what teams have a better chance of winning but that
can be a blessing or a curse in my opinion Jeff and I am I am I'm sorry this
is just one man's opinion I think that the Patriots came in fucking thinking we
got the yardage they but what they failed to understand is that every team starts
every game with zero yardage that's a technical fact what do you think this
loss this loss for the Patriots means for Tom Brady going forward well
obviously Tom Brady's gonna have a lot of recovery to do his many injuries
throughout the game like are just the beginning of it he's also now got
injuries related to his leadership I don't know if he sides press conference
after the game but he cited practice and coaching and teammanship and you know
but what people wanted to hear from him really was leadership first which he did
mention but he'd mentioned in the wrong order and so Brady's gonna have to
circle back and he's gonna have to think am I the person that needs to lead
these Patriots he's only five years younger than you are right now he might
be the oldest quarterback in Super Bowl history like what are you asking if he's
the quarterback what do you even know anything about sports of course Tom
Brady's the quarterback of the Patriots I'm saying do you think that what does this
mean for him he's famous for wearing one of a glove like a weird colored glove
or that's a different player okay all right shit do you think do you think he
ought to retire after this one should he hang up his hang up his weird color
glove or should he should he bring it back next season I think I think you know
look this is a dangerous sport you know no matter how many times you ice your
knee you're still going out there and not only risking concussion but actually
statistically just accumulating concussion and spine injury on behalf of
a corporation that's gonna spend the off season deciding whether there should be
a rule against you kneeling during the fucking national anthem which is kind
of an insult so let's go into politics quarter yeah how was that I don't like
really think of the irony of that imagine being a football player and knowing
that the NFL commissioner is gonna is gonna spend this off season thinking
about rules against protests on the field clever move always the the anti
protest rule hadn't thought of that the these are these and then that concurrently
like is all this good concussion information is coming out like like not
that it's never been there but it's just it's right there and the zeitgeist right
next to the fact that these are people who are not allowed to express in a
completely peaceful way that arguably deferent still to the national anthem the
fact that while they were lucky enough and talented enough to end up where they
are with everyone paying attention to them they'd like to risk their entire
career and reputation saying yeah but I'm not comfortable what's going on back
in my hometown I don't like the policies I'm I'm so I'm gonna kneel during this
national anthem as if in deference to my fallen brethren because I don't want to
privilege to turn me into someone who turns their back on on their fellow man
and and and that's caused such a stir because we love to show up and watch
these guys injure themselves until they're like basically dead at 40
physically because they've their brain has been concussed so many times their
spine slowly mangled he's talking to you Tom Brady it's kind of fucking
ironic isn't it especially when the two teams in the Super Bowl are the
Patriots and the Eagles yeah they could have been the Des Moines Star Spangled
Banners the Uncle Sam's yeah all right well look I don't have anything let's
put the Trenton Apple pies I don't know
shit Steve Levyme just came down hard on Tom Brady yeah I don't I don't I don't
know who Tom Brady is in case that wasn't clear wasn't he in in Mad Max all
right was yeah he was mad Max all right well let's bring up tonight's guest
she's scared the life out of me I can't think of a better way to follow up our
award-winning show just emerged like a specter then a visit from from the
always surprising find your find your camera find your camera you know for
five dollars a month subscribers you can you can see the creepiest entrance of
all time it's certainly something I have I have a question rub Schrab everybody
Schrabs in the house Schrabs in the house I've a question I've spent I have a
speculation about like the kneeling during the sports you think they're
okay oh you think they're tired what you think they're tired it's not what
you're gonna say no no I have a question okay so Republicans don't like it when
the black people kneel they can't stand it right they hate it okay what if they
kneeled during something that we liked right like adoption welfare you know
like you'll during welfare yeah they could like somebody's handing over a
welfare check what if we go what if we go to their churches while they're
praying and we all just kneel no no no we're already kneeling what do they
what what I'm curious I would like to if I had one of them here I'm like okay
we're gonna kneel during that what would you kneel I think it would be very
telling yeah I mean oh yeah well you know their answer would be would be
amazing but the but the general class warfare truth is that of course no one
no one cares when an old white man kneels like the if he if he does it let's
let's think about it this is this is like this is like seeds for a comedy
well I'm not gonna think about I'm not gonna riff what they would think they
should kneel during because it'll be a list of racist shit that because they'll
be like what do black people like I don't want to do that I don't want to
riff a list of what black people like no I don't I've had a hard enough year name
just play it safe just name it like of the top 100 things you think black
people would like a cast a widen that just put three things in there that you
could have said during the Oscars you know like the Republicans don't like
you're pretty confident that all black people would see he's off on that track so
okay well I'm really the Republicans what do Republicans not like what do
republicans not like that they would that they would kneel while you were
doing they like that's what I mean gay marriage certificate right during a game
that's great I don't think old white people again the reason why young
athletic black men kneeling is is causing a hysteria is because they're
doing it in front of everybody who might get bad ideas because everyone's
watching them because they have the power to go out okay let's bring let's
figure it out let's figure out what's another thing besides sports that
everybody's watching another thing the news the Oscars the Oscar the Nancy
great Oscars the Nancy Drew Mysteries pilot that's about to air Riverdale
Riverdale if the Riverdale people were dealing the 2.0
Cloverfield paradox on Netflix they could they could kneel during that there's
probably an Iron Man movie coming Game of Thrones during Game of Thrones yeah
everybody could kneel during that stuff the fuck this is hilarious Rob this is
great so that'll jump junior like tweets like ah wow that crocodile Dundee reboot
looks pretty good we should have we should have Danny McBride out here yeah
he's working on the trailer as far as I couldn't tell if it was a Toyota
commercial or a or a a tourism ad which it was for Australia but it also was a
tie-in to the to promoting this film would they're making a Dundee movie I
don't want to shock you I haven't I haven't I haven't seen this thing you
talking about the Super Bowl they got Danny McBride and was it Hemmings was
his name Chris Hemmings Chris Hemmings and they're doing a Paul Hogan they're
doing they're doing a run did Paul Hogan isn't it they're doing a Dundee reboot
yeah and I'll say what I'm going so is Donald Trump Jr. he's like enjoy your
popcorn I can't wait he's putting bibs under his eyes now what you're gonna do
what if he goes to the movie and there's Kenny Powers is not a hero what if he
goes to the movie and he can and in the movie Danny McBride comes out of a river
and he wrestles a crocodile and then while he's wrestling it he says like I'm
trying to I'm trying to riff a joke that would be like in a comedy movie that was
like like like the crocodile like bites him and runs away and then he goes like
oh so you're you're you're gonna you're gonna take the electoral vote results
huh and then like so then is Donald Trump Jr. gonna then get back on Twitter
and go I'd like to recant like I was very disappointed he wouldn't express that
right because it would be an admission of weakness because it would mean that
he was capable of being wrong about I think he would say I was having a good
time with my bros watching Danny McBride Dundee and then they had to typically do
this below the belt stuff during my Danny McBride and just ruined my evening
me and my wife and my bras we had to get out of there and just we just had to go
home and I had to put an ice pack on Donald Trump Jr. and I just hated it
Donald you're trying to enjoy yourself and the Hollywood elite DJ's gonna come
on DJ's we are below the belt DJ get back to the DJ our car is here poop all over my Danny McBride
Donnie you're embarrassing bullshit and it's stupid and it's entitlist and it's
and it's it is fucking just inappropriate I hate it I hate it yes
Eric donnie I'm just saying get back in the car you're embarrassing yourself there's
an interesting point there which is that or the least interesting point of all
because you notice that it's like all this whole like the liberal media and
the liberal entertainers and the comedians like oh we will we don't like
the thing and then the and then you notice all the I think I think there is
like a theme there where it's like that is exactly how we'd react he'd react as
if he was entitled big to this movie and the and that this horrible choice had
been made that didn't have to be made you didn't have to go there what a shame
which is exactly what kneeling before the anthem as well why do they have to
this this game of football where my corporation owns these gladiators who
go out and mangle their spines for me like it was it was perfect it's already
fine who cares that everyone doing it has this opinion just get rid of that
opinion I think that's so inconvenient so stupid of them like how why would they
want to do that to a great game like football they are the game of football
like what are you gonna do without them I guess you'll replace them with like
worse football players that love the national anthem I didn't I don't want
sports did they need did anybody I don't know I don't know what's going on I
didn't see any kneeling there was some arm-linking a couple guys one guy was
just like some people looked away some people didn't have their hands on their
hearts which will probably be the next new illegal thing I'll tell you one
thing that I found very impious NFL National Football League I found Justin
Timberlake's outfits with his band a little a little hoboey little racy a
little hoboey too much skin as Doug Benson or I think so I think was like
Benson said he looked like a cowboy house painter and the church what was
yours church a blood because he had a red one he had a red band on she goes is
he a blood now or he just come back from the groom yeah I love that that's an
actual like groomer thing like I did I thought that was one groomer thing of
them like yeah I don't know if you're a laboratory you come back you come back
with a red handkerchief on I'm sure you went on look here's the thing I'm not
talking shit about J. Tim about T. Lakes T. Lakes I just T. Lakes is good
J. Lakes J. Lakes J. Timberlake's he put on a good fucking program it went on for
a thousand years and I feel like they recycled costumes from the last Super
Bowl because there's a lot of people wearing primary colors but he did a
good job was the last one Lady Gaga because that motherfucker as you can
rewind to my podcast I I watched the Lady Gaga performance I mean he like
that's some shit I wouldn't follow that shit yeah she stood up on the rim of the
arena and then she again you know I don't love it if you're a fan of the
podcast I don't want to bore you but she dove off now many many artists have been
on wires Garth Brooks Beyonce Peter by your man no I've never seen anybody do
the what jump on a wire and then and then do the fucking like creepy Crawley in
the air like she was like she was she was doing I was like that's what I do if I
was on a wire I think I'd like to think she was like panicking well no she was
like she was acting like she was falling you know is that the name of it was
their song is their song has to do with falling they probably didn't have to do
with football I don't know it doesn't matter what is it I don't I'm gonna get
irritated with any of you guys tonight we're gonna have a good time what Dan
let's get back to why you're feeling funky what what why why are you in the
trough right now I just wear Schrab is it just a sandbar yeah we should be in a
sandbar we're over 70 where we've been doing what we've been doing well it's
fine it doesn't it's just it's just a it's just a lack of things to look
forward to you know I had a good time Saturday good time good I went to
Rob Schrab's house I was playing magic it was great Rob Schrab went to bed
early Kate Kate Kate was like I'm gonna go play magic cards over my friends my
other friend's house and I said why don't you why don't you play over here and
she was like and I was like come on I'll be the wife and I'll make you know
little finger sandwiches this is literally a king of Queens episode yeah
yeah I say go you know I'll just do this you have your friends over and I'll
just I'll make I'll make tacos and you know I bet you made some nachos I didn't
make nachos we had chips he made chips in a bowl yeah and I had a great time you
know and then once I was done with my part of it he went to the other room and
watched Blake seven for you know three hours fell asleep during one of the
episodes okay yeah 8 30 on a Saturday yeah I what do I have to stay up for
I'm a grown person I could go to sleep anytime I want you don't gotta stay I've
been awake a lot my life you're saying Robert you weren't you weren't excited
about playing magic no he didn't know I just wanted to belong he was doing the
thing the 50s thing with the where the wife makes sandwiches I had a little
bell the poker every time like the tacos were done he had a taco bell that he
would ring did you do you think Kate was I made the tacos but you had a taco
bell do you think Kate was disappointed or happy no she was very happy I was
like let's do this from now on instead of you leaving Spencer didn't she post
some photos so that you won the magic gathering we played two games he wins
every time I win a fair you had like five statues of liberty I couldn't tell I
didn't zoom in yeah I had just played five statues of liberty which as you know
gives you protection from flying Spencer so help me God if I don't you get high
before the show oh no this is ice cream I think it's causing this I had a pint
of ice that's the that's gonna be the name of your your double-day book I was
eating ice cream see Schrab is having a tantrum right now because he couldn't get
his hoodie off me the audience we have a question from Steve Levy and not me
audience acquiring minds beyond meat beyond meat beyond meat crumble what
kind of cheese was it it was somewhere less almond cheese somewhere this side
of cheese proof that cheese is an artificial construct dot com a quarter
a quarter till cheese cheese is not a dairy-free cheese and necessity
it was dairy-free cheese everyone loved it was a good with it was it tasty
everybody ate them all hey all of them I ate I ate a few Spencer I didn't look
too closely because it's Instagram when you can't it's hard to zoom and see the
thing but it looked like little little Statue of Liberty heads they had spikes
on them they were hellions hellions yeah they're like big worms they have but
whole mouths they got but whole mouths kind of they have verb but holes mouths
pretty straight math yeah well so Rob you're not but you're not feeling better
right I'll go up and down you know I don't I don't I don't want to advertise my
my state of mind cuz it just it I I I I I I unfortunately am a needy person and
that a lot of your wonderful fans like right and say hey I hope you feel better
and and it's nice and you get like a little jolt of oh that feels good I'm
being cared about I don't want to be addicted to that I don't be addicted to
the bad city to the pep talk so I'm I'm gonna try to be a little bit more
private about it hmm I wouldn't want to receive that I would I would taste that
I don't like it poison not because of their intent that would be like I'm so
embarrassed I accidentally I got so drunk I tweeted I want out you know all I
want is out Courtney love yeah direct message right Cody I was so I mean
that's the height of your responsibility she can she can take you out yeah that's
why she said it I could be there in 20 minutes she yeah I've done for a nice
meal or have you she or the other take is that she's been through enough and to
raise her alarm bells is an incredibly irresponsible waste of her empathy in
any case it was very embarrassing I have that hits me is like oh shit I fucked
up at 45 years old don't don't don't ever make people think that they have to
waste their energy on you that when when there it's already hard enough to give
it to other people like I you know I like I like throwing pity parties for
myself but it's more like you know it's like it's a pity party I was just
honest about it but I don't want to get into a habit of it because it it becomes
a snowball you become addicted to the pep talk and and you don't you move
forward to me I just I have to live through this I have to find some way to
get out of it and I know that and and I'll be fine I'm I'm you know I'm I'm
I thank everybody for being concerned but I'm gonna be okay
Schrab came over today to he's gonna he's gonna test drive my iPad Pro to see if
he wants to get one himself I have I have two of them too I got the big one
and decided it was too heavy I like the smaller one well maybe if I like it I
could buy one of yours off of you I could buy one he needs both of them I
don't have enough respect for my money to yeah I'd rather have my iPad Pro back
and just you you go get your own okay I could have done what am I gonna do with
that that that fair market price for an 12.9 inch iPad Pro that I charge my
friend well just give me like blue book value and then I'm gonna be I'm gonna
have like a stack of $20 bills that I do what with that's not gonna be
karmically damaging to me yeah come on I mean it's a choice between giving it to
you as a gift what could somebody do with a stack of money you could buy a
bunch of Apple pencils that your dog eats or you could you could fucking I
don't know yeah that's what I'm saying money's for blowing out your ass where
money's a river money is frothy money's a river it's you know it's frothy so you
know you know when you're swimming in in water with your friends you don't like
take a cup of water from them like in exchange for something for some rock like
just go get your own rock fucking fucking cheap yeah they're everywhere all
right but anyway you're saying you're gonna buy him his own iPad Pro you're
gonna make him buy him to buy me any hand I'd probably do that before don't I
don't I don't want your gifts he's gonna he's it he's it he's it he's a he's a
little cheapy cheapy peepy so I'm not a cheapy peepy as you call me I'm not a
cheapy peepy Dan fucking take it back you're kind of a cheapy peepy I wanted
to know if it worked we were talking on the plane and you said well I could let
you borrow let me try it out and I'll give it back and I'll buy my own that's
not a cheapy peepy that's being smart anyways he came over to get it and I
was in my underwear and he's like so I got the iPad and then he's like he's like
he's like wanted me to leave so bad he wanted me to sleep so bad he walked it
outside got out of his house and went here there you go okay and I started
walking into his house okay I don't know how we got upstairs and I sat down and
he came into the room and was like so disgusted that I took a load off cheapy
and then and then and then and then he's like I guess you want a drink all right
and then he bought me a drink who's the cheapy peepy now I'm like taking a sip
and I'm trying to make conversation and he goes he goes so what's going on with
this memo what's the what the memo and I go well as far as I can tell the memo
is and Cody comes in Cody's been sick for three days in my bed she emerges like
with a banana and an aspirin or something and Rob's like what why didn't
you tell me that I was interrupting something and Cody's like no no no you're
not interrupting anything I want to hear about the memo too I don't get the
fucking memo that was the funny part of my day is I accidentally found myself in
the position of explaining the memo to people that were like the rest of us all
seeking clarity on the fucking stupid ass memo and if you're listening to this
three years in the future because you're catching up on 500 episodes of Harmon
don't bother trying to parse it there was a there was this point during the
fucking six-year remake of the Nixon administration where this fucking sub
sub sub plot about some dude in the woods in the north of the wall called the
Nunez memo is happening and and no and and it was it was dumb but yeah I can't
I can't really explain that I mean if you're listening to this three years in
the future this is 2018 this is back in a time when money was still frothy mm-hmm
and yeah and Rob was still I was still a Cheapy Peepy I do recommend for that
reason like listen again to slow burn it's the it takes you through the Nixon
administration and it's not in a cheeky way it's just it's just it's it's a
little bit comforting sometimes it's a little sometimes it kind of bums you out
but it like it's like it's just it just walks you through the six-year
administration of an administration kind of destined to impeach and it's
interesting how long it takes and how many B stories are due to I was just
reminded in like the second to last episode that Spiro Agnew was the vice
president and he had to step down because of a completely unrelated scandal
that he just had going on on the side he was just like he was like a money
launderer and a bribe taker and stuff and he he got caught doing it and he
just had to step down from the vice presidency amid the Watergate shit like
it just happened as a side order of potatoes some rice balls that came to
the to the table you think a guy with a name like Spiro Agnew would have a shit
together yeah he would like he would have built a fortress around any mistake
he might like he would be the most reliable person gotta have a cybernetic
hand yeah I am spear new surrender to me Spiro Agnew all right Spiro Agnew is online I have
10 spears in my Agnew all right you're in direct
deposition to the compliance of my Spiros okay I will Agnew in 10 9 8 7 6 you
have 5 Agnews left to Spiro 4 3 2 1 you have been in defiance of the Spiro Agnew
Tablerosa I will now authorize to use lethal force it's a little less dramatic
than the 209 knocked over my cup but more silent and less lethal I am the more
superior version of my foot my foot sorry about that is it true that you're
being asked to resign from the vice presidency I will now step down from the
vice presidency to do a totally unrelated but parallel scandal involving the
White House and I will be replaced with Gerald Ford and then and then after Dan
explaining me all this he goes well sounds like you're going through a
really hard time right now and you probably want to talk about this but
I gotta deal with I'm gonna hang out with my girlfriend she's sick that was my cue to leave I said I hear it sounds like you're
mad because you were taking his iPad pro or does he just I don't know what he dude you
can't believe it's such an easy target it's because he goes he goes he goes well
you look like you're having a hard time right now wish I could help you but get
out that's it's Sunday that is not I don't know how I phrase it but that is
not how my way out he's like knocking on on my on my card hey we don't have a
guest tonight no no okay let's let's make this okay all right I said actually at
the top of the stairs as you descended the stairs by the way we don't have a
guest tonight you come on Harmontown and and and and and you could barely release
your white-knuckled grip on your free Cheapy Peepy iPad long enough to let
some blood get to your voice box so you could emit the most begrudging like
that's how you reacted to being a guest on Harmontown a show that has given you
stardom this does not feel free feels like I'm paying for this iPad one way
or another yeah I mean if you get my life people are gonna be calling me
Cheapy Peepy you know what the rest of my life Steve make it Cheapy Peepy Steve
can you send John mayor and iPad Pro please I want I want those who contribute
to be rewarded I feel like John mayors in a low place himself but he handles
about having the voice of a fucking angel and insightful interesting
commentary of a wonderland a wonderland admissions guy do you think he was do
you think he was a little I mean I know from talking to him over pizza I mean
he that he he doesn't hate that song he just thinks it's weird and random that
that's how did you how did you meet him was it randomly or he came to the
Rick and Morty commentary okay which was kind of random yeah was he in the
audience it did I there wasn't an audience was he dressed as summer knows
somebody he explains right okay so when he does he talk to you he goes hey how are you that's Dave Matthews oh shit that was a good Dave Matthews
when is season for coming out now season for you get those kind of hurt you want to
win you when are you gonna sign those contract John mayor who had to have vocal
cord surgery because of whatever what he's got I'm not that good a friend something
with his throat he he did after after hours of me being a goofball trotting all
over what may or may not have been its boundaries he did at one point just for
one moment in the entire podcast he as a as a placeholder within a joke he's like
yeah and say for instance I did say like your body is a what and he like sang he
just sang that phrase and I I had shivers I think I think that may be just a
professional vocalist you ask him you should have asked him to can you do my
voicemail message you know I should have you didn't though I never I never do I
never do that you never do you should have you should have and what what do you
have said you would have said use voicemail anymore yeah yeah yeah and I
would have said no what did you say do people use voicemail anymore yeah and I
would have said no Rob if you were John Mayer doing Dan's voicemail I think it
would go a little something well here's what sorry I don't want to write Rob
here's a test because you use your voicemail so much Rob you have 20
seconds to pull up the ability for someone to leave your outgoing message
on your voicemail which is gonna be totally second nature to you because you
do it go go pull up your voicemail pull up my voice let's record your new
outgoing record it message because you know how to bring it up I like my
outgoing voicemail message I don't want to erase it with this this pull it up
it's gonna take me down because what you need to do is put put me in my place
get down there yeah take take take take me down hello you have reached the
offices of Cheapy Peepy I'm I'm chasing the moths that have escaped from my
coin purse right now because they might be worth money I think they have copper
in their veins they ate my pennies I'm Cheapy Peepy I'm turning a penny into
wire right now in an adaptation of an anti-semitic joke I heard on the
playground well my wife's Jewish so thank you I'll call you back after I get
through slicing this bean well you know I don't appreciate any of this look at
Rob's muscly arms look at that he's got some real muscles going on what's your
secret Rob what's your secret to those muscly arms how do you say so live and
sinewy planking planking how do you eat planks eat I can do eight planks in six
notes Dave clients comes over I've been I've been out the only thing they've
done right in 2018 is every every other day since January 1st and now we are
well into February I have been working out at 8 a.m. and you can watch me do it
on Instagram live and Dave Kline is my personal trainer and so I get to wake up
at 8 and watch you work out wow wow that sounds great that sounds great and this
is free I'm expressing yeah it is free yeah it is free I don't charge for it can
you believe I didn't monetize it I know this is something like what I want to do
I wasn't telling you guys to watch me is expressing pride in myself I'll see it
like at 9 or 8 30 or 3 p.m. and I'll see that but there's no way to scrub
through it you have to watch the whole thing tap you can go for it like five
minutes at a time it happens it just goes to the next thing tap tap a tap a
tap I think if you tap it'll it'll it'll advance like 15 seconds or something
tap doesn't matter it's not for you guys but I you know what is for you guys is
my friendship and the self-actualized version of me that would make the best
friend possible be one who's escaped from his toxic shame through therapy
working out self-improvement confronting their demons making amends with the
numerous people he's hurt over the last decades you know cool sunglasses use me
you know like for giving out iPads and and just trying to take care of sick
girlfriends and keep going trying to take care of that girlfriends for a
thousand winters I took you away yeah yeah now this shows a mess I got a good
it's a good break from the John Mayer episode like you don't want we don't want
to get Garner a reputation for like an Olympic breaststroke we want to like
confuse people let's splash around in the pool is he political oh he gets
political I mean he should he should run for mayor yeah yeah pound for pound
mayor for mayor John mayor I'm John mayor I think this town could use a new
mayor ding vote for mayor for mayor 2018 there'll be a mayor in every
pot and a me for every mayor John mayor hello mr. mayor yes the debates tonight
are you sure you don't want to go over your platform I've just did okay read all
the cards oh here we go you're up against some tough competitors
mayor mayor do we call you mayor mayor yes okay what are their last names your
can't you can't your competitive candidates there it's a senator gold sack
Goldman Sachs and congressmen they're both they're all running for mayor and
this is the thing when a senator and a congressman run for mayor they have
they like a lot of people say oh they're on the down slope they think they got it
but what their last name isn't what they're trying to be that's true gold
sack and Congress they could be a good sack all you want hey why don't you be a
gold sack two hours later at the debates now I'm saying what is your last name my
last name yes it's gold sack yeah why don't you be that and I'll be a mayor
I'll take that question for what it's worth with my time an argument could be
made I have been a gold sack as I have proven an effective businessman in the
private sector and I do believe the sack as much as government is a business
please please mayor mayor please roll off the tongue please give congressman the
gold sack his time yes give him his time open up the sack I was just saying many
of the ails from which we suffer and as a public government could be out of
order answer the question what's in the sack do I get extra time of drain the
sack drain the sack the sack gold sack more like mold sack smells I believe my
candidate sums up the expression he who has no spiros in his agnew boasts a tough
game it's called soap look it up I'm not dirty mold sack don't talk about my
hygiene sir they bathe when it's appropriate load moment more gene because
you got a moldy sack your jeans are moldy yeah flashback to John gold sacks
sixth grade playground hey John you want to play some kickball again I would
love to thank you it's about time I was invited to participate or is your sack
too moldy my hygiene should be of no concern to fellow sixth graders I failed
us understand how it affects our friendship man you gotta keep those
balls dry man your sack is all moldy yes alright I get it I've heard every
permutation of this formula I will clean myself when I feel dirty and not a
moment sooner John gold sack it's me your girlfriend Elizabeth hello more like
cold sack yeah yeah now this is the irony emotionally I have emotionally cold
and distant John unplugged emotionally because if I'm plugged in all the time
I'm suffering these slings and arrows from the fellow man of course it's not
meant to hurt you but it will be my eternal plague I have rewired my heart
to avoid abuse and in such have become a form of abuser for that I am sorry
Elizabeth and I will be sorry to every woman I will ever meet or my name's not
senator John gold sack abuser fuck you don't ever call me dirty pig the polls
are in everybody wants to go vote for first for mayor John gold sack what most
of his is calling him John bold sack for his for his bold statements I gotta
agree with you there pickles I thought that John mayor bursting into sobs during
his candidacy was the wrong move at the wrong time for the wrong administration
back to you Rebecca hey come on down to Rebecca's TV you're gonna get a free TV
if you come on down get a loaf of bread with your free TV training a free TV
for mattress I'm Rebecca and this is my TV store well in other news birds are
falling from the sky suffering from some kind of mercury poisoning that they've
absorbed in the clouds Roger Harmon's John has the story this is Roger Herman
stuck the expression is birds of a feather fly together but these birds will
only fall together as long as they keep inhaling mercury it seems droplets of
the formerly celebrated substance known as quick silver have been poisoned by
noxious fumes purportedly coming from this factory behind me that's absolutely
ridiculous we've burned every thermometer in the building Bill Bill is the
proprietor of bills mercury burners a factory that claims it is not responsible
for the mercury in the clouds yes we take we make thermometers here and we
realize that that's probably where the mercury comes from so we took all the
thermometers that we have and we burned them we burned every thermometer and all
the all the mercury got burned up and went went away went away went up went up
the chimney what do you say to the American people when they say
thermometers have mercury in them I think when you burn them the mercury
goes up into the clouds what do I say to that mm-hmm no Bill continues to be good
at business for CNBC I'm I'm Roger Harmon's breaking news from the mercury
bird crisis we are standing out here in a field full of dying young chicks young
birds who are suffering from alcohol alcohol from mercury I was watching you
poor fucking partner mercury poisoning said Jeff Jeff Jeff do you want to take
that again huh no we got it okay all right yeah we're live Roger we're live
right now we go now live to UCB workshops where basic improv is being
taught I'm standing outside the UCB headquarters on Sunset Boulevard who are
inside 25 year old students from around the country are learning give-and-take
denial and question-asking in various exercises designed for sixth graders
Candice what who there's no Candice here you're just putting your finger in
your ear that's not even a microphone yeah why are you sitting during an
interview anyway outside UCB in Burbank 25 I want to do a Star Wars reference
here to comment Matt Besser I've got a penguin on my head don't say no let's
stop let's stop yeah I mean we're too good for this I mean you're you're
New England Patriots lost today I can't imagine the state that you're in
Spencer oh yeah it's okay because we have all that other wins remember all
those times we cheated we'll always have those you cheated did I see done in a
commercial for a big-ass movie like is he gonna be in Han Solo friend Lando
Calrissian playing young Lando directed by Ron Howard now now because because our
old friends got fired and replaced with my new friend Ron Howard hell yeah who
were the old friends Lord and Miller Regis never met him but love them they're
great good friends I like them that's pretty badass to play young Lando
Calrissian you think he's gonna call him Han like he does in the movies and
you'll play with Han everyone else close them on you must have heard about my
little maneuver back at the battle of to Ned and solo you old pirate I'm just
doing I'm doing my impression of your impression I like it Jeff Davis that
impression of Billy Dee Williams is fantastic Dan Harmon your impression of
me doing Lando Calrissian is a bad impression of Howard Cossel Jeff Davis
your Howard Cossel sounds like Catherine Hepburn
oh Rob could you do this is a tough ask you can say no this is not a UCB class
do you think you could do Dave Matthews band but sung as Catherine Hepburn like
could you combine those two things yeah okay yeah I mean it's not the question
you should have asked us would it be entertaining I still don't know who Dave
Matthews band I'm sure if I heard a song that it's an actual song oh I swear to
God that's the closest I can come to evens there's not it's not like they don't
have a hook they were the band that the bus took a poop off a bridge and people
right yeah bring up Steve Levy so he can leave leave their bus took a poop
poop off a bridge yeah that was Steve Levy for the DMB rebuttal DMV DMV DMV
DMV rebuttal DMV gotta love those DMVs DMX DMV I'm not being a jerk or
provocative right now leave me yeah talk me into give me your eyes into my
possible love of or at least interests in Dave Matthews band and after you do
that could you please book six black women for next week's show Jesus Christ
yeah Steve come on all right we keep trying to book diverse guests and Steve
keeps telling us it's not gonna happen all right it's crazy at this point it's
crazy it's been two years it's crazy it's not our fault it's Steve Levy this
point it's just malfeasance because I how many church you and I we're
emailing him all day long about getting some diversity he says that he says he's
not getting him we can't hear you Mike we gotta get more women up here first of
all no tell us about what yeah go back to the day so I broke a record at my gym
this weekend a PR wait what yeah it was I play this guy's fucking arm for two
minutes straight with a 45 pound weight on my back so cool why thanks Rob you
know that is pretty cool what did you do you put a weight on your back put a
45 pound weight plate on my back and planked for two minutes was it an elbow
planks on your elbows or yeah elbow am I allowed to do this is this
constitutional violation if I say Steve I'm getting into self-care so I need you
to get fat and be slovenly because otherwise we're what what is this
Jeff's actually looking at what is lately to I went to my first spin class
today in 45 years I feel like a bag of smashed assholes I'm fucking right that
fucking hurts I even you don't go for a while it's it's fucking thirsty work
yeah could you plank you could but you planked with 45 pounds on your back yes
could you cuddle me in a plank like a bag I could cuddle you okay good okay Rob
Rob lay down lay down on your back okay and then how many planks adds up to one
push-up because I'm up to eight okay and then on your back lately flat on your
back so we can plank so we can plank on you like well okay can you can you plank
over Schrab when he's no he's he's what he's gonna plank on you I'm gonna be
the 45 pound weight this isn't why is this supposed to be doing well it
should be Mike's but no no no yes sit on it let's talk about it gets you like
like like do you even Rob Schrab spooning on stage is all I wanted this is all I
wanted so I wanted they got nappy time lights okay and microphones Rob you're
very comfy see I love you very much he's got big shoulders they both got big you
make me laugh a lot I appreciate that make me laugh thank you for helping Kate
and I out on Thursday oh yeah that was fun Kate wrote a good script yeah she's
very talented it's gonna get much better too she deserves better yeah let's make
that movie if she wrote a great script how what do you mean it's gonna get much
better well she we gave her a bunch of notes what do you give notes in a great
script for what do you fucking asshole look what are you doing what are you
doing over here I'm supervising and I needed to grab a mic because I gave him
I gave why do you why do you always giving things and being care why do you
have to why do you have to cuddle explain why can't this yeah work itself out
I make such an easy target it doesn't be called easy target would you look at
what's happening right now and now you're looming over them like like like
all right I'm like Odin Rob what's your biggest fear my biggest fear yeah
being um forgotten is that why you're in the entertainment business no that's
why I'm here tonight on the stage here with you guys yeah okay
going that was quite a sigh yeah you okay yeah I'm fine this is amazing what
are you thinking about what am I thinking about yeah you what about you ever
see did you see that army hammer movie no this is really good we should watch
Dan turn me away from it
okay go keep on keep on I don't think that's I don't think that's appropriate
music no it's too groovy what's that movie what's that movie that call me call
me by your name by your bait so Kate Kate goes hey let's watch some
screeners like I was like okay well we've seen seen what do we have left did
she goes well let's go watch this call me by your name I'm like oh what's it
about she's like I don't know and I'm like okay all right well I heard our army
hammers and he's good and it's okay let's check let's check it out watch it you
know and it's about this this older man like falling in love with this young
boy oh 17 17 16 actually I think and and and and and I'm like okay all right
fine all right whatever it's I'm a little uncomfortable because the kids
underage and it's very romantic then when it gets to the child fucking 17 17 I'm
not defending child fucking keep going keep going just I I'm sitting there
watching it I turn her turn to Kate on the couch she's fast asleep so now I'm
just just me sitting alone in a bed in the living room watching this man I
romanticize this child this boy and it's all romantic and it's all like indie
film with good actors and like going it's like yeah it's all great and it's
fun but it's you had already told you told me that story of the funny thing
about it and I'm just saying because like when you were explaining it to me
you're like you were so you so wanted Kate to to to know that you were a
thoughtful right yeah Academy Award considering advocate of of progress in
the future and that you weren't I wanted you were afraid to like you were like
your eyes are glued on the screen and she's behind you on the couch and like
and so you're like you know you're afraid to like kind of like send any
overtures of like of like looking at your I had to go to the bathroom but I
held it in because I was like well if I get up now I'm homophobic or whatever
so I'm gonna watch this being uncomfortable and I'm just like you know
and I look she's fast asleep she's probably fast asleep throughout the whole
thing and she probably fell asleep at the pressure I it was a the funny thing
about the movie was that I I got Cody and I kept going like well I get this
part of this exercise might be the 17 that straight people are supposed to
like experience like getting frustrated that gay people haven't gotten down yet
because we were like we're like if this was you the broke back guys would be on
their third broke back by now it takes them two hours to break a back to do it
I don't want to spoil call me by your name I there's absolutely no question
once in a while a movie comes along where you're like Jesus Christ obviously
the director is very talented the actors are amazing that kid is giving like the
performance of a lifetime like and taking that's not funny it's not funny it's not
funny it's not funny no because that's just not funny that's just a straight up
funny that he's giving the performance of the lifetime and he's taking the
performance of a lifetime that's not funny I'm seeing that's a hack I we got to
be not happy you're smiling well because I'm smiling because you're yelling it
maybe it's not hack it's brilliant it's the funniest joke ever yeah I've never
been find your camera I've never I've never I've never wanted more gay sex to
happen more quickly in my in a movie in my life is bored that's what I'm saying
I was I was just like boy they really this is a slow burn this movie have you
guys ever been on a nude beach just topless just topless just the men I
think I like me my family make a vacation one time kind of stumbled upon one in
Hawaii and we just kind of hung a u-turn hmm today I was in La Jolla you know
La Jolla idea it's it's Spanish for the Hoya yeah that's correct La Jolla Jack
they have Tory Pines State Park has this like big it's on the top of this big
cliff and they do gliders like people are paragliding and parachuting off this
cliff and we're at the top of the cliff watching these people jump off the
mountain it was pretty cool and we went wouldn't it be cooler if we went to the
bottom of this cliff to see the people jump off the hill and we were like sure
we we we hiked down this cliff to the beach as soon as we got on the beach
realized everyone was naked even the hand gliders I've been thinking about it
the important thing about the movie is that it is to the emotional aspect of
the fact that I'm straight and I'm going like hurry up and fuck each other
already my hands oh I want to define more foot rubbing it's a symbol for
want to define homosexuality by the act and that's what that's what we've done
throughout society because then we define it by the act and then we
criminalize the act all these things it's like people can be in love they are
every day without anybody admitting it or knowing it or all those things like
everybody's I love that movie now or whoo good save I love me no it was really
underage yeah I mean I'm not I'm not gonna say everybody goes yeah but it's
France I did find that kind of fascinating though because I like I'm
very happy to be done with have Milo Yiannopoulos be out of the picture but
isn't that kind of what he was gay-splaining on the Rogan show or
whatever like what he finally like we found his off switch and his off switch
was that he was technically in favor of whatever because wasn't wasn't his whole
like monologue just about the fact that when you're gay because you're already
taboo and you're not there is no prom night for you and there is no like
rigorously set up rails to your sexuality that the way that you often
encounter your your sexuality is through the indoctrination by the people
like I couldn't love the guy for I'm so happy that something brought him down I
just find it ironic is that how it happens Dan that's how it happens that's not funny
have you guys ever seen videos of people skydiving naked it's pretty funny
because everything's just flipping and flopping and so so you went mine wouldn't
walk down you're like hey I was checking out like all the hang gliders what
are you your giant your giant balls skydiving it would be a spectacle I
could use them as a parachute you think you can did you talk to anybody down
there like one of those flying squirrel like like Red Bull like like like
wingsuits you could stretch your balls like a V-wing and just and just land
yeah I could also stretch it over my whole body my privates it's a normal room
temperature look like a big but you yeah it's like a just a big pair of balls and
then at the top of them it's just like a there's just a little just a little
nipple coming out the fun time Harry I'm just like hey look I'm not gonna make a
fuss unless anybody wants me out here do you think your balls are doing your
dick at this service by putting that your dick into that high a contrast
because of that big yeah I can't tell if the yeah if it's an illusion that's
like wow those are big balls or but I've seen the photo that Cody took of you
with your balls hanging out that we that we keep torturing Steve Levy with yeah
they're big your balls are the size of like like like lemons like big huh yes
that's yes yeah I mean I would I mean yes bigger than mine and they're
certainly big for a guy who's dick is a nipple yeah that yeah it's like what is
the point of this what is being generated in those balls that's gonna like it
always feels weird it's like if the fire department came up and they had like a
giant water tank on their fire truck and then they took out a little Capri Sun
straw and they're like don't worry man we'll have your love your house safe in
a second like what I don't I appreciate the effort but it'd be like if the fire
truck pulled up and they're like all right let's get out the hose right
something like that I don't know what the metaphor I know it breaks down because
it's like it's not a dick's job to like pour a bunch of come into it all right
let's kind of literally let's put out this fire yeah he's miming like a
whore a hose that's not it's moments like this when I wonder why more than
ever we don't get a bunch of black women on our show this seems like the
perfect platform it was supposed to be a black woman for sure if not for Steve
no no it's scar scars yeah there's always a next week the week after I will
have a it's 9-11 great black always the week after it was just 9-11 I bet I
could wear this chair 9-11 9-12 now it's 9-12 I don't want this can't this
can't we're gonna have to call the fire department please do it don't ever stop
doing what you're doing where's church when we need it for Chris can you 3d
pray a saw yeah we're gonna need one all right Schrab has shoved his head to the
back of a folding chair and for real like I saw it go through and like you
can tell it won't come out gonna come off because his ears are like the that's
how arrows are designed like you keep you're not supposed to be able to pull
an arrow out the metal tubing that's used to form the structural frame of the
chair is not strong enough like it would be easy to cut but it wouldn't be
comfortable to do so but also what you can't see even in photographs is the
fact that you know everyone I had to photograph it because it was clearly an
act that was done for you know there was no reason for him to do it it just he's
drinking a cup that was placed on the chair like a cup holder oh that would
be crazy it would be just like this I think but that but that's great because
you can put your drink down right by your face it would make sense like in an
apocalyptic world because there would be no place for anyone to sit down right
before the apocalypse and then there would be like a bunch of empty chairs
because the apocalypse happened but there'd be no buddy making clothes and
then so everyone's walking around wearing chairs and couches and stuff you
guys all the rich people will be wearing barrels with suspenders but this is a
this is a very poor you guys you guys are laughing at me but I'm all ready for
for like Mad Max Road Warrior like yeah I like everybody's like you know like
I'm like the gyrocopter guy you I think I think your Mad Max character will be
called the chairman yeah the chairman all right stockholders grab your primary
shares there's gonna be a major of blood right key right key well what do we out
of there oh it's the chairman look we're gonna see if some girls are lean
don't wait oh yeah I'm gonna be taking a vehicle from you now they have Mr.
midday oh what do we have going on over here oh shit the chair recognizes
stool stool stool stool head what he lacks an imagination for names he makes
up for in blood when you're born with a thought he stool on your head you don't
We didn't go, oh shit.
I knew, we knew it, we knew it.
His head wasn't coming out of there.
For real, we got to know it fucking.
What don't we table this meeting until tomorrow?
It's a safety issue.
He's trying to hold his ear flat enough
against his head with his hand, which
makes his head twice as wide.
He's going to rip his ears off.
Yeah, don't help him.
Don't help him.
Helping him is hurting him.
What if you tuck the chair?
OK.
Can you tuck the chair?
Well, at least mic him, mic him for the free listeners.
They might be inspired to subscribe.
He's passed the ear.
By the way, this is brought to you by Quip Toothbrushes,
the toothbrush that vibrates when you use it.
Quip Toothbrushes come with a suction sticker thing.
It goes in your mirror.
They stick right to the mirror.
There's no dirty charger.
They said it couldn't be done.
He's out.
And so are your teeth if you don't use Quip.
I wore a chair as a shirt.
That's what it would be like if people wore furniture as close
because they ran out of clothes.
Listen, man.
I've been a listener of your podcast for a long time.
Yeah, I have.
I would like a refund.
Rob's got the mic.
Oh, shit.
Oh, it's not.
Rob, talk into it.
Hello.
Hi.
No, I think it might be Levy.
Hello.
Hi.
No.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, no.
What about that one?
Hello, hi.
Hello, hello, hi.
I just turned it all the way down,
and the result is Rob sounds like Paul Rudd.
Hello, hi.
All right.
That was good.
Work good with magic.
I don't think work my mic.
I don't think you're going to get John Mayer up here
and fucking put furniture on and fucking do a Mad Max sketch.
I bet he would stop just short of putting it on and wearing
a chair as a shirt.
I think it was Ancest like that that got him in that hot water
in the first place.
And he's now, he doesn't have the courage
to start wearing furniture on podcasts.
I'm touched by your envy.
I wish you could express it in a more healthy way
than attacking him or me.
I think it's nice that I had a brief moment of friendship
with a guy that, you know, like, laugh all you want.
I think we'll make more.
You guys are still friends, I think.
Yeah, but I probably already smothered him
by mentioning him too much during my workout.
Yeah, he hated that.
I'm different in shit now.
There's got to be dust all over me.
Oh, boy.
Oh, you got lacquer all over your back.
You all right?
Back lacquer?
Back lacquer.
You got stool resin.
I don't think you guys really gave my character
stool head the time to really flesh that character out.
I think it was the highlight of the evening.
I think we did a lot of things wrong tonight.
That was probably number 50 on the list.
I don't regret a goddamn bit of it.
I think people at NASCAR, people go to NASCAR every week.
What's that?
Cars running in a circle.
You're only really there in case there's a crash.
No one wants to admit it.
Sometimes there's a crash.
Sometimes a crash is exciting.
What are you going to watch?
A car go around in a circle faster?
Whatever.
Like, I'm not being defensive.
I'm saying to our subscribers, I think this was worth it.
I think this trick, this has been a fucking Japanese jet
train to fucking Fun Town.
Yeah.
What time is it?
Usually I don't clock there.
I wear these glasses just so I could read the clock.
What?
Hit the B.
D&D?
No.
It's 19.
It's 9.19 right now.
That seems like a good, solid time to play D&D for.
Let's do this.
Let's do it for real.
Oh, shit.
Spencer, you got the folders.
You got the goods?
I will.
You got the mats?
Mots?
Spencer got the mats.
Matze?
Matze.
How do you guys celebrate the Jewish festivals,
like in full Jewish fashion?
Do you guys really keep the shibas and the shabbas?
And whatever you call them?
The shibas.
I'm making things up.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Are you guys?
Are people die?
But you guys, did you mean the Jews?
Yeah, he did.
Levy, what's a Maccabee?
The Maccabees are the army.
They were like warriors, right?
Yeah, the warriors.
They kicked a bunch of ass.
Yeah, they did, yeah.
Are you keeping something from us?
No.
What does he know that?
I don't know.
I don't think we ever learned about Dave Matthews' band,
which was the whole premise of bringing Steve up.
Where did you get the name from?
They got the name because, so Dave
is a bartender at this bar in downtown.
Oh, Matthews.
Ball Charlottesville.
It's called Miller's Bar.
He's a bartender.
Matthews' bar.
Everyone knew Dave because he was a friendly guy.
And that was the local establishment.
It's like the drawing room there.
And people would play live music there.
And he started playing and getting all these musicians
to play with them.
And they didn't have a name.
But people loved Dave and the band.
And they were like, oh, you're going
to see Dave Matthews' band at the tracks?
And that just gets stuck.
It's after him.
It's stuck because they didn't have a name.
It was like, yeah, Dave Matthews from Miller's.
His band is playing.
Dave Matthews' band.
You don't think that was his plan all along?
You don't think the bass player had ever said,
maybe we should call it laser eaters?
And he was like, oh, you know, it
doesn't seem that organic to me.
I like that people keep calling it my name.
The bass player was 16 and he dropped out of high school.
You can't do that, man.
Well, he's a millionaire.
Well, does he know about geometry?
Probably.
Good luck.
Algorithm.
Before I forget, in case D&D sweeps us away.
Also, wait, wait, I want to say something.
Dan.
Steve.
Licensed and Smarching, a Dave Matthews' band song,
for the finale of season five community.
And it's probably the best use of Dave Matthews' band song
outside of maybe.
I think it's better than Crash Enemy and Lady Bird.
But it was an incredibly effective, amazing moment
for Greendale Community College.
Everybody coming together is a perfect, perfect, perfect drop.
Remember doing that episode, Dan?
Yeah.
A little bit.
I have some flashbacks.
Yeah.
I remember whoever the rep was going, like, OK,
we watched the episode where you guys referenced us.
The price has gone up, because number one, you need us.
Number two, you're making fun of us.
So I think that will be $8 a song now.
Thank you very much.
And we were like, ooh.
Well, I always wanted the ass crack band
to be Dave Matthews after you had Ben Foles in there.
I think that's what it canonically
was, was Dave Matthews.
Do you think, if we title the episode Worst Episode Ever,
will it then become the best episode ever?
Because people go, well, then they
called it the worst episode ever.
We should title the episode, I feel like a bag of smashed
assholes.
How's it going?
I was going to go with Chippy Pippy, but.
Chippy Pippy.
Ha, ha, ha.
Chippy Pippy, oh, your time has come.
I write things down.
I wrote next to it, I wrote, money is a river, it's frothy.
And then right next to it, I'm not a Chippy Pippy.
I'm not.
I never called you.
Yeah, Jeff never called you a Chippy Pippy.
No, it was all Dan.
Do you think when they were writing Sister Christian,
was that warrant?
Why do I think church knows that?
Do you know, you don't know?
No, that's a night ranger, night ranger, night ranger.
Sister Christian, oh, your time is coming.
And they get to the refrain, and then somebody was like,
I don't know, your motor in.
Motor in?
What?
What's your price for a flight?
Yeah, someone was like, what do you mean motor in?
And he's like, well, what's your price for a flight?
I thought this was about nuns.
Motor in was a guy that they knew.
I can't believe that you thought warrant wrote that,
because they're famous for, she's my cherie pie.
Yeah, they're the worst.
They're the worst.
I love them, but they're the worst.
Well, how about the great thing about the past
is it all runs together like a big fucking sad pudding?
Hell yeah.
There's your title.
Thank god.
You never hear that like NPR thing about the people?
Let's call the episode sad pudding.
You always wish you could remember everything,
and then those people that have like crazy memory,
like they can't avoid their memory,
like apparently Mary Lou Henner is one of them.
They're so fucking sad.
They hate their lives, because they can never
forget how it felt to be a shitty boyfriend
or on that fifth relationship in.
Like there's so much shit that you want to forget.
With such a shitty boyfriend?
That's like, every day, she's like waking up.
That's what PTSD is, I think.
Well, the reason she doesn't have a podcast
is because two weeks from now, she'd still
be remembering this episode.
Whereas I'm going to be like, I don't know.
Maybe let's have Duncan Trussell back.
Fucking awful.
Seems like a fun thing.
Oh, yeah.
You piece of shit.
But I'm just saying, we think that because only time
that we realize that we can't remember stuff, we feel weak.
It's like not being able to lift something.
So we go, I wish I could lift everything,
but there are people who can lift everything memory-wise.
And it's kind of a bummer for them.
I'm really looking through my spell list, Spencer.
And I didn't realize that I have reduced animal.
And it says, shrinks down one all caps willing animal.
Yeah.
How do I know that there's consent from an animal
to shrink that animal down?
Oh, if you have to ask.
I mean, come on.
Fair enough.
No, I mean, you're a druid.
You can get a sense of animals.
Well, yeah, because what if it's one of my nature's allies?
Yeah.
That's an ally.
She'd probably love to be reduced.
Yeah.
Let's do it.
Well, there's no rush, really.
I have another question as well.
Wasn't I almost dead?
That's all I remember.
Yeah.
I never really, I think I was down to two hit points.
Do you need some halons?
You were.
As we crawled out the window of that pub.
And then.
Are we at my house?
And then we dragged, what was his name, the guy?
Shrove.
Shrove, too.
There was a guy at Shambling.
Shambling, Garry Shandling, Garry Shandling.
Back into us, it took us through a crack in the wall.
Yeah.
Took us to a crack in the wall.
Took us to a place.
Yeah.
Is that, I guess you could take it from there.
That's what I remember.
Yep.
All right, Spencer, do you want to let her rip?
Or do we already just do it?
Do you want to give us a proper caption?
I'll do it.
Not caption, but recap, rather.
Last time on Harmon Time, our heroes went to Dornaster
on the quest for Patchen's gem.
They were searching for information.
And they went to the Church of the Body Temple
and then another church to look for clues.
And acting upon those clues, they went to the theater,
where they heard the name of one person, Shrove.
So they went in search of that person.
And they caught him out with his pants down, literally,
because he was in the bathroom.
They burst in in the bathroom, causing
a scene immediately.
And a near riot as enemy combatants
flooded into the magically darkened bathroom
until our heroes beat a hasty retreat with their quarry
in tow, trying to extricate themselves from the mob.
They didn't try hard enough.
And the mob was on their heels.
But then Chad shot fire and started a fire.
And then Carlos used his solar flare
to cover their escape, which was also
aided by the random addition of a shambling mound.
Together, they traveled to a pig farm
and at hiding behind a broken collection of bits of wall,
they hunkered down with their still unruly, unwilling,
hostage, Shrove.
What would happen?
I don't know.
Find out today.
Whoa.
So I'm making some green tea.
If you guys want anything.
Thanks, Garry Shandling.
OK, put the kettle on for four cups?
Four cups?
I would adore a cup of tea.
Thank you.
You got one cup, two, two?
Can we make it an even three?
I'm kidding.
All right.
All right, here we go.
Let's get back to interrogating this guy.
Spencer, what state is Shrove in?
Like, what do we have?
What happened?
Are we?
Is he locked up?
Is he?
I don't think he's locked up.
I think Dan has had him kind of grappled to some extent.
I want to, I feel like I remember,
and if it's only in my head, I want to secure him.
I want to ligature him.
What?
I want to tie him up.
Do you own rope?
You could have mine.
Thanks.
Are you good at tying with this?
As good as anybody else?
Well, probably better than me.
I haven't spent 10 years in a library.
So while Carlos is holding him, I tie him up with my rope.
All right, you do that.
Hell yeah.
All right, Shrove, we are on the quest for Patchen's gem.
I know you don't know it is Patchen's gem.
You probably just know it as a gem.
We've got to go over this one more time
and make no mistake about it.
There's only one way you're living through this,
and that's if we get anything valuable from you at all.
So you've got to make shit up.
If we've gone down the wrong road,
you've got to just make shit up,
and you've got to convince all of us.
And believe me, that's a lot of sense motive sensing.
Gary, I think your tea is on.
Oh, thank you very much.
Ooh.
So here we go, from the top.
Where'd you get that robe, that bloody robe?
It was in the theater.
It was in the prop box, where new costumes and stuff are put.
In your opinion, why would that make its way
into the prop box at a theater?
Hey, maybe someone didn't want it anymore.
You want lemon?
I'd love lemon.
You're loving?
OK.
Oh, another?
OK, here you go.
I was raising my hand.
You passed it.
If you're having one, get five cups.
Yeah, yeah.
OK, thanks.
Maybe someone didn't want it.
They were like, I don't want this.
And then they didn't know what to do with it.
Who puts the new props in the prop box?
Well, just people.
It's kind of like what people?
The inner people.
Yeah, but there's not like distinguished positions?
No, it's like a donation.
Take a prop, leave a prop.
Yeah.
So let me just walk through this.
Like a chip sword.
A day in the life of a bloody robe.
I have a bloody robe.
I drop it off on the stoop of the theater.
Margaret grabs it, drops it in a box full of a mixture
of clean, half clean, and blood encrusted clothes
that people drop off on the stoop.
And of that box, some of the actors
pull it out, use it as a scene in a theater performance.
Some others pull it out and wash it
so it can be used as a scene.
And then there's guys like you, prominent figures
of the theater, who decide to wear it
and then sell it to a homeless guy.
Yeah, no, I gave it to a homeless guy who's
notoriously naked in this town.
I wasn't wearing it.
I'm going to make some bread if you guys hungry for bread.
Shrove, do you like bread?
I know.
No bread?
It's OK.
OK, well, I'm putting it on.
Tumpernickel?
Yeah, it is.
All right.
OK, cool.
This guy's excited.
I'm going to take a sidebar with my friends.
OK.
Guys, I don't know what I'm doing.
And I think I did it.
Do you want me to talk to him?
No, Gary, thank you.
No, thank Gary.
Can you give us a moment?
Oh, you said we needed to talk.
My friends and I, I'm so appreciative of you.
Well, so I'm not a friend?
No, it's not that.
I gave you bread.
You already made it.
I gave him bread.
I gave you bread.
This is my home.
Gary, he means more like work friends.
Like this is a work friend.
This is like a work.
This is my home.
This is a work issue thing.
We have work conversations to talk about.
This is my home.
OK, Gary, Gary, you're in, you're in, you're in.
Come talk to us.
OK, I love you.
We love you, Garry Shandling.
Thank you.
But away from Shrove, I need to have a sidebar.
Should I pull the curtain?
Yes.
Hey, Gary, what do you know about these town's folk?
What do I know?
Yeah.
You know, they're OK when they don't really like my kind,
like the bread that I make.
Carlos, what was the importance of the bloody row,
because that was the robe that maybe was being worn by one
of the butchered.
It was Patchen's robe.
You didn't think I remember.
I don't remember.
It was Patchen's robe, and they stripped it off.
Oh, when they fucked up Patchen's,
and they took his robe, and then someone just took it back.
So yeah, that just might be a collection box for the theater.
All right, well, it's an inconvenient time for us
to realize this.
What's up?
I got to get the bread.
I thought you had a hot, like you had a hot lead.
I didn't know what's going on.
I thought I did too, and at the time, not to be defensive,
but it seemed like everyone agreed.
I walked back out to where Shrove is,
and then I sit down with my tea, and I say, Shrove,
look, we're sorry to put you through the ringer on this one.
If somebody was collecting any valuable gems,
where might a gem be taken in this town?
Is there like a place where that might be fenced or taken to?
Like, sold in the black market or something like that?
If someone stole a gem, they would probably
stole it for some reason.
Like, they had some plan of what to do with it.
Have you heard any word in the street about stolen gems?
No, I haven't.
I'm afraid I don't listen for that sort of stuff.
Do you know anybody that we might be able to talk to that
might know the scoop on that?
I don't know, man.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Shrove, who does the most donating of props?
Just the day players.
All right, strip them naked.
Strip them naked.
We're going to let you go, but I'm
looking at every fucking hole.
I start taking off shroves like upper garments.
The bread is finished.
Thank you.
But right with you.
I don't feel good about this.
Thank you, Gary.
We're stripping your friend naked.
You don't have to bunch up your clothes around your waist
because you're hog-tied or whatever.
You know, like, I don't just.
Oh!
It's a search.
It's a search?
You're a shambling mound.
All of a sudden, you're a hog.
Well, I know what a dick looks like.
You're going to hi-hat us all of a sudden?
Hi-hat, the man.
You're going to get the hi-hat.
What are you guys doing?
You didn't meet us at a polo match.
We were dragging a bloody naked man down the street.
Let us finish our business.
Stop being a dick.
Stop high-roading us.
OK, well, fine.
At least use a coaster.
What is this?
God damn it.
I start vigorously.
Water rings.
Vigorously patting down shrove, looking for anything
on his body.
Look at his fucking butt, looking at it.
Let's start.
I'm going to start with the clothes.
Let's cross the bridge when we get to it.
You remove his clothes and his stuff.
You find he's under his clothes.
He's got a big tattoo on his back.
It looks like a crazy intricate, kind of like a Celtic tattoo,
like with symbols and kind of like glyphs and stuff.
But it kind of forms the crude shape of a dragon.
Here we go, here we go.
And also, in his clothes, he has a bag of holding
full of beef jerky and a sack of some money and a harp.
I take that bag of holding.
All right.
Wait, are you a harpist?
Are you a bard?
No, I'm even a doctor.
I play music, but.
You play the kind of music that raises the dead?
No, you don't raise the dead with music.
I guess people could raise it.
I'm a druid, and I'm not trained in the bardic art so much,
but I appreciate a nice harp tune.
Can you?
First of all, what is the meaning of this dragon tattoo
on your back?
Oh, it's just a birthmark.
It's just a birthmark.
Yeah.
You just happen to have a birthmark of a dragon on your back.
Some people do.
I've seen that symbol before.
Tell us more, Garry Shandling.
I saw it in a book.
Saw it in a book.
Let's see.
Here.
Ah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, dictionary.
He finds a book labeled the 13 Dragon Marked Houses.
Here we go.
A, B, C, D, right here.
Take a look at that.
Whoa.
The relevant lore is that the members of the Dragon Marked
Houses sometimes manifest dragon marks or birthmarks
in the shape of dragons that they bestow magical affinity,
but they're like a bloodline sort of thing.
So they indicate a bloodline in these Dragon Marked Houses,
which run the guilds.
So is he druidic, too?
Maybe you could read our document.
That's not what his birthmark says.
You don't know if he's druidic.
So you're dragon marked.
Nope.
You're lying.
I mean, it's kind of.
Do you speak the language of the guilds?
Yeah.
Well, it's like a code, but yeah.
Shall we show them?
Yeah, let's show them the letter that we found on the bandidos.
Oh, right?
Look, if you could read this for us, we'll give you.
Oh, my god.
It says that we got him tied up and he's naked.
Read it for us.
All right.
It says, the young one on the road outside of Roan
holds the purse.
Top priority is the purse.
The next top priority is kill them all.
Drop point north, 4 AM, Olaroon 9.
Olaroon 9's a date.
Someone write that shit down post in real life.
Someone was wanting to write it down.
You have a photographic memory.
Say it back for us, shambles.
Just give me.
No.
I don't want to.
You said the young one outside the road on Roan
is the top priority?
The young one on the road outside Roan
holds the purse.
Now, just for your memories, Roan's the starting village.
Right.
This is the assignment.
That's where they attacked us.
The young one is Patchens.
Right.
So we have a document that told us
that the thing was going to happen that already happened?
Yeah.
It's what you find in a hit man when they attack you.
You find the note that says go attack them.
All right, keep going.
Top priority is the purse.
Next top priority is kill them all.
Got it.
Drop point north, like a location.
Drop north.
And you just take.
4 AM, all the room night, which is like a date and time.
And has that date and time come yet?
It's that day and not that time.
How far away is it from now?
It's soon.
Shrove, where's drop point north?
I'm not telling you guys.
Wait, Shrove said that?
Yeah.
What would it take for us to get you to tell us?
We've got some nice bread.
I'm not telling you guys.
We'll invest in your theater.
You'll invest?
Oh.
Shrove.
You guys don't have money.
By any chance, does your order have anything
to do with integrity, honor, that kind of thing?
Yeah, secrecy.
Yeah, so in other words, if you were to betray your order,
you'd be a bad guy, right?
Generally, yeah, yeah.
So you'd rather get your throat slit
protecting your order, right?
No.
Are you lying?
But you wouldn't lie, right?
Because you have integrity, right?
You're not a common bunch of thugs.
You're genetically born.
Like, you're dragonborn, not to, I'm sorry.
That's not, that's copyright.
Your dragon, something.
Marked.
Let me ask you this.
If it came to a choice between lying about flipping
loyalties because some of your brethren had gone very bad
and protecting your bad brethren and paying for them
with your life, what would be the more honorable dragon
marked thing to do?
Neither.
Well, what do you want?
I just want to hang out, just live my life.
You want to hang out and not tell us who these guys are,
like where they are?
I don't know who these guys are, man.
These guys are terrible killers who
attacked an innocent young man whose only job was
to protect this gem.
You're not on the right side of history here.
I'm sorry, but that's why you've.
I have two gold pieces.
Whoa.
That changes everything.
No.
There's two gold pieces sweet in the pot, Shrove?
Nah, I had three gold pieces before you robbed me.
Now you'll have five.
You've done nothing but pretend to be someone else.
Aren't you tired of living a lie?
I belong to the Church of the Silver Flame.
I'm just trying to redeem this countryside.
I'm trying to do something right for the purifying flame
before I die.
We ran across this lad.
He had a gem.
He was supposed to protect it.
We were assassinated.
We were waylaid by horrible, backstabbing, dishonest
bandits.
Like, do you ally with them or the rest of the world?
Yeah, kind of.
That's our whole town.
We're a bunch of ruffians and thieves and brigands and stuff.
It's not great, but that's what we got, man.
I use Intimidate.
Where is it?
What's your Intimidate score?
It doesn't list one.
Really?
Yeah, it has a check, but no thing.
All right, what's your charisma, then?
Oh, no.
7 minus 2.
Oh, boy.
You don't, you're not convincing.
Well, I mean, I turn to the side.
Is it well lit?
Is it dark?
Where are we at?
It's dark.
It's dark and muddy.
It's dark and muddy in a pig farm.
I start to go, rrr, rrr, rrr.
And it opened my mouth, but he can't see.
I put my hand up to cast Firebolt.
I make it look like it's coming out of my mouth like a dragon.
I go, dragon fire!
And I cast Firebolt to make it look
like it's coming out of my mouth,
to impress him with his dragon mark guild thingy.
It looks like it's coming out of your mouth.
Yeah.
And I go, hey, I'll dragon your shit through the mud.
Magic exists.
Yeah.
I thought you'd like that because I'm dragonic as well.
Draconic, whatever you're fucking, whatever you like.
I don't like that.
I take Garry Shandling aside.
OK.
Shrove, you've done enough.
We just had to make sure we knew everything you knew.
We're just going to relax and have some tea.
OK.
Garry Shandling.
Yeah.
You want me to talk to him?
Do you want to give our friend Shrove some tea?
Yeah.
Do you have anything that'll help him?
To smooth the plow?
Well, do you have anything that'll
help him tell the truth?
And or do you have anything that'll just kill him?
I've got some vinegar and some solvents.
All right.
And we can light some candles.
OK.
I thought maybe Shambling mounds were more blood dead.
You thought what?
I don't know.
It's fine.
Do you think I have a gun?
Diarrhea, hey, come here for a second.
Yeah.
Do you have poison?
Let me see.
I might have some laxatives.
We could mix it with my vinegar.
All right.
Let's just kill this fucking guy.
Why you got none of my living room?
Let's just kill him.
And I'll kill him.
Why are we killing him?
Just because he was ineffectual or?
He can live with me.
Well, if he's left alive, he's going to go.
He's countered to our mission.
He's going to go warn the rest of his brethren.
There's only one reason he has to not tell us
the drop point in this note.
And that's because he doesn't side with us.
He sides with these people that we lay.
Let me suggest something.
We can't leave him alive.
Why don't you just leave him here tied up
until after the drop point, time and date?
I don't want to offend you, Garry Shandling,
but I question your ability to maintain a hostage situation.
I don't know if that's what you're cut out for.
You're Shambling and you're a mound.
Racist.
I have a rust monster.
I mean, we've got a lot of work to do in a short amount of time.
And I think we should just step on his head until he's dead.
He's been a terrible pain in the ass.
He's withheld information.
You're a terrible pain in the ass.
No.
I was just taking a shit.
Listen, you had your chance to assess things and judge people.
You've been bettered.
And now you're about to die.
That's how it is.
You have to listen to us talk about it.
You know, you guys are nice.
I think you're cool.
You drank my tea and you had some bread.
Made a little bit of a mess.
I guess I'll clean it up.
But you can't kill him in my living room.
You can't kill him in my living room.
I don't want to haunt it.
Where's your kitchen?
I summon nature's ally, summon Squid.
Thank you.
Do I have any more spells after this one?
I think you've summoned the nature's ally already.
You put the bear.
I don't think you have two, do you?
Shit, I had such a good idea.
Maybe you do.
I was going to take a giant squid, shrink it down,
because I can shrink down animals.
And I was going to put it in his mouth or his butt.
And that was going to be like the worst, like Wrath of Khan.
They put the bug on the guys here.
Let me make a suggestion.
Would you consider a shambling mound an animal?
A shambling mound is like an elemental or something.
Exactly.
Shrink me down.
No, no, it doesn't count as an animal in that sense.
You said an elemental.
All right.
Let me try this.
Let me just try this.
Can I try something?
I thought the squid up the butt thing was pretty fucking gold.
I don't want a dick.
I take my morning star, and I just start hitting it in the head.
No, you can't kill him in my living room.
Take him outside with the pigs.
Yeah, I don't want like a haunted theater
person in my living room.
I have to, I have people over.
This is where I work.
I work out of my home.
My roommate's about to come home.
Who's your roommate?
My rust monster.
You have a rust monster?
I have a rust monster.
It's part of my character that I'm
unable to control myself at this point,
because I've got a lot of toxic shame in me.
I feel undermined by my own church.
Why don't you take some of your toxic energy
and clean up after yourself?
Plus one.
All right, you hit him for three damage.
He leaps up and tries to dodge you out of the way.
And as he does so, you realize that the ropes were tied
really loosely.
And he was kind of, he wasn't entirely bound.
So he kind of gets out of, he wriggles free of the rope,
but in doing so is wanged in the head by you for three damage.
Aha, you passed the test.
You passed the test.
I open the window, and I try to go get out like a bird trapped
in the house.
Get out.
Get out of here.
To him?
Yeah.
Carlos, what was the test that he passed?
Getting hit?
That was nothing.
I'm just trying to get him, get him.
Get out, quick.
I start whacking him in with my quarter staff.
All right.
Like non-lethally, but just trying to bruise him up some.
All right, you hit him, but not substantially.
It doesn't take any damage.
Get out.
You still don't want to tell us where the drop point north
is?
You guys are the worst.
We know that.
We're hanging around at a pig farm
with a shambling mound with a guy that probably
has nothing to do with it.
Yeah, we are the worst.
Watch us try to keep you alive.
Go run out the window.
I feel really bad about what transpired in here.
Just to talk about it later.
I have a really great play about horses.
Will that intrigue you?
Will you please attack him?
I feel bad. I start whipping gold pieces at him.
What?
How many?
Three.
But really hard, like at his head.
Because I feel bad, but I also don't want to disrespect
my elder.
All right, you miss.
It breaks the window.
Oh, what the fuck?
That's all of you guys, right?
All right, he climbs up the window.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
Broke the window, water rings, breadcrumbs.
We have to go find drop point Norris, right?
Isn't that the thing?
Alternate pitch.
We abandon the quest for Patchens gem.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you guys do remember that crazy lady that burnt down
the church originally?
It was that whole other thing.
What happened to that lady?
We were bad.
There's the gargoyle in the side.
Patchens has been telling us from the beginning,
don't help me.
I don't want it.
Wait a minute, I have an idea.
What was that?
One thing, I had no use for it, but maybe you guys could.
I found this map.
I take the map.
It's an old map.
It has like ripped edges.
No, not ripped edges.
Like burnt edges, like it's from the past.
Can I read it?
Yes, it's written in English.
I can only speak shambling.
What language is it?
It's in guild speak again.
Yeah, I don't know what your Romulan language is.
Garry Shandling, can you read guild speak?
No.
I only can read shambling.
That's why I'm giving it to you.
It's pretty clear to me that we have fucked up in this town.
We have never done anything right in any town.
But shouldn't we what?
Shouldn't we just stake out the props box
and see who's dropping stuff?
Are you out of your goddamn mind, child?
I tell you, we have fucked up in this town.
Everyone knows what we look like.
We've attacked a popular man.
So dragged him to a shambling man's hut.
Then what did we do?
We failed to interrogate him.
Just walk me back through it.
Where do we go back to to start getting back on track?
I think we just wander the fuck out of here.
We fucked up.
We can't do anything in this town.
Is anything here?
Whatever happened to the music and the undead?
Walking around.
Patches is long gone.
Patches is sick of us.
So we're going to go back to Roan with our tailbone
and our legs, no gem, no nothing.
And we don't even know what we.
Alternate pitch.
When the silver flame speaks to you,
it speaks through burning.
Destruction is one man's construction.
The silver flame burns from the center of the earth outward.
It creates infernos wherever you have constructed
false realities.
Perhaps we have spent this campaign learning
that we need to wander the realm.
While he's talking, I close my eyes.
But I, using my little eye mark on my forehead
that I never use, I can still see him.
This is a new opportunity for us.
We can't go back to work.
We fucked up.
We can't even freelance.
We could wander.
And we could do good for the church.
Freelance.
Almost as if we'd have to walk into maybe new dungeons
that we didn't fuck up and forget where we were going.
Get on the road.
We never look back.
Who's Patchen?
Pedal to the mud.
Where's his gem?
Fuck Patchen.
Who cares?
Hey, look, you know, maybe down the road,
maybe we meet Patchen and find a gem.
But that's not our fucking thing.
For all we know, we're going to do something so cool.
Give me one second.
Patchen's is going to end up being wherever he is.
He's like, oh my god, I got my gem back.
I have a feeling that's what we're destined for.
Bigger things.
We fucked up.
Well, I can cancel a couple of meetings
that I have this afternoon and pack a bag.
You don't fuck it.
Let's do it.
You know, let's do it.
I got a broken window.
Winter's coming.
All right.
I'll be back in a second here.
Pack up some of that Pumpernickel and then maybe
a flask of that tea.
You got it.
I see.
You know what?
I've never been more excited in my life.
Yeah.
I've never felt more positive.
This is great.
You know, I've been tying back on today and go,
that was the beginning.
You're just doing this.
Yeah.
The adventure is not about someone else's gem.
This is about our own adventure.
Yes.
It's not about us.
Doing things right.
Yes.
It's not about knowing things and keeping track of things.
The great, most adventurous, is what lies ahead.
All right.
Hats?
Hats on.
All right.
Everybody.
Everybody gets a hat.
Everybody gets one.
All right.
Ooh, I like the better than my hat.
Yep.
That's nice.
Ooh.
Here we go.
Is this felt?
It is now.
Lines of velvet.
All right.
Well, we better get the fuck out of here.
Is there a shrove talking?
No, a shrove left.
Oh, a shrove left.
Oh, OK.
We need a name for our troop.
The evacuators.
Right.
The evacuators?
Yep.
All right.
How about the quitters?
By any other name.
How about hat squad?
Bad pitch.
How about the stool heads?
No.
You know, we've got our whole adventure
to come up with a name.
Yeah.
Let's talk about it at our first campfire.
Let's not do what a lot of other groups do
and they make a big mistake by trying to come up
with their whole brand before they find out what the brand is.
And we'll put in front of the other.
We don't even know if we're going to get along.
We might even rejigger the whole hierarchy once we get out.
Let's get out of here.
And see where the silver flame leads us.
Let's see where it is.
I go into a druidic trance and I try
to talk and communicate with the god of the silver flame,
Spencer.
OK.
And I ask, what's the spirit that we talk to the girl?
It's kind of like the embodiment of the silver flame.
What?
I forget.
What are you talking about?
Isn't there some sort of person that when you pray,
you kind of like communicate with a certain voice?
Yeah, the silver flame.
OK.
Yeah, there's that Joan of Arc figure
that there's that young woman that originally
merged with the silver flame itself.
Yeah.
OK, but I can just talk directly to the silver flame.
I don't need any intermediaries.
You don't need to know where.
She became part of it.
Oh, the silver flame.
It's Daphne.
I'm kidding.
I do that sometimes.
We, our but humble servants, failed in our attempts
to please you and to purify this land of evils.
We seek forgiveness, guidance.
That was just it.
That's all they had to.
I said, let's just go.
Well, I wait.
I wait to see if I hear any guidance.
Like, give us a point of departure, a destination,
like a first stop on this new line of adventure
and conquest of evil throughout your domain.
You don't really get any sense.
All right, let's get the fuck out of here.
Let's just go away from the town where we're wanted by the.
What if his gem's just in the pawn shop?
Let's just get out of here.
Just because it's.
OK, let's get our hats on.
Hats on.
Shambles, we got the.
Locking it up.
We got the bread.
We got some snacks.
I got some snacks.
And if you want to check the gem shops,
and then we'll we can meet you, we'll meet you up the road.
Yeah, let me just check them out.
OK, well, we'll meet you.
Sometimes thieves try to pawn off their stuff.
All right, well, we'll meet you by the lesson in San Francisco.
Just start heading.
We'll head north north.
OK, and we'll meet you.
We'll meet up with you.
Go check those gem shops.
All right, let's go.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
We're going to get the fuck out of here.
We're in big trouble.
So we just we just left diarrhea junior behind in a pawn shop.
Spencer, I'm going to the pawn shops.
All right.
He kept.
He goes to the pawn shop.
You go to the pawn shop.
There's not a pawn shop so much as there is a guy with a guy.
Excuse me.
So much as there is a guy with a merchant
stall full of garbage and shit.
Hey, merchant guy, do you got any gems?
Hmm.
Nah, man.
Gems are expensive and they're not very useful.
We don't really get that kind of stuff around here.
Who does get that kind of stuff?
I don't know, man.
Like investors, like rich people.
Where do I find the rich people?
Not here, man.
This is Poresville.
But where's the Richesville?
All over the universe, I'd imagine.
DJ?
Well, we're on the road.
I'm just yelling DJ.
Maybe.
Is there another place I could look for someone selling gems?
Where do people go to sell their gems?
People can go wherever they want.
Maybe they make agreements with people to buy and sell gems
and then they go in accordance with those arrangements.
It's very not specific.
All right.
Or is it very specific?
Well, I'm going to miss that kid.
Yeah, me too.
I hope we see him again.
Do you have any cool things I could buy?
Yeah, man.
What you got?
Put this out.
What is it?
It's a magical spray.
Hell yeah, what does it do?
It knocks you out.
He sprays it in your eyes.
Oh, jeez.
Cliff Hanger!
Yes!
We did it.
All right.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you, everybody, so much.
Let's hear for Steve Levy, Diarrhea, Jr.
who's clearly going to be waylaid by some garbage dealer.
Yeah.
Also, before I forget, I wanted to thank not just Rob
Chanj, who makes a lot of our music, but also the music I'm
playing right now by a fellow named Nick Vandenberg, who's
provided lots of music for our Harmontown throughout the
months and years.
I wanted to say thank you for him again.
Give him a shout out.
Rob Schrab, everybody!
The one and only Rob Schrab.
Speaking of shout outs, how about a shout out
to the Happy New Union of Kris Boruff and Sarah Hill,
our newlywed, Kris Boruff and Sarah Hill,
our very own newlyweds.
Congratulations, Mazel Tov.
They got married on top of us.
Almost the exact same Kiefer Church, of course.
Chris, Kevin Day, Nolan, we got everybody here right, I think.
We love you.
Thank you so much.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller, your mayor.
Dan Harmon, Spencer Crittenden, your Game Master.
See you all next time.
We love you.
Rob's going to dance us out.
Shamblin' Mound to Shamblin' Mound.
Oh, he's a Shamblin' Mound.
Got to get the Shamblin' Mound.
He's going to come back on Harmontown every week.
Well, there's a brand new dance called the Shamblin' Mound.
It's going all the way across Shambletown.
He made himself a character on the campaign trail.
And Steve Levy got abducted because he didn't want to leave
town.
Shamblin' Mound, Shamblin' Here, Shamblin' Mound.
Oh.
A little bit of a hand bone there.
Oh, shit.
We're going to do it.
What's this?
Oh, fuck off.
All right, Jack, you got to leave.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.